[#21] Add more information to README.md file (#23)
nimblehq/compass-credo-plugin: README.md

[![Test](https://github.com/nimblehq/compass-credo-plugin/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nimblehq/compass-credo-plugin/actions/workflows/test.yml)

## Introduction

> The repo contains custom Credo rules to support [Nimble's Elixir conventions](https://nimblehq.co/compass/development/code-conventions/elixir/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repo contains custom [Credo Checks](https://hexdocs.pm/credo/Credo.Check.html) to support [Nimble's Elixir conventions](https://nimblehq.co/compass/development/code-conventions/elixir/).
```

Or whatever the correct syntax is for links 😆

Author: Thanks. It was updated here: https://github.com/nimblehq/compass-credo-plugin/pull/23/commits/c05d3b9e48d1aaa2e873cd77ee35973ce2115a4a
